.TH NOVPROG "1" "April 2021" "General Commands"
.P
.SH "NAME"
.P
novprog \- wordcount graphing program
.P
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fBnovprog\fP [options]
.P
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.P
NovProg is a tool to graph your progress in writing a NaNoWriMo style
novel. You enter your wordcount and it updates a graph showing you how much
progress you have made. It also shows you how far you are through your
daily goal, and your total goal. Mousing over a bar in the graph will show
a tooltip with that day's wordcount.
.P
.SH "OPTIONS"
.P
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Displays help on commandline options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help-all\fP
Displays help including Qt specific options.
.TP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP
Displays version information.
.P
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
\fBqt5options\fP(7)
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.P
Report bugs to <novprog@bugs.gottcode.org>.
.P
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.P
Copyright \(co 2006\-2021 Graeme Gott
.P
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.P
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.P
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.P
.SH "AUTHOR"
.P
Graeme Gott <graeme@gottcode.org>.
